WHERE'S VALLERY IRONS?
TOO LATE.
BY NOW, HER AND DAVID DUCHOVNY
ARE DEAD.
DAVID DUCHOVNY?
SHE'S NOT PROTECTING HIM.
SHE'S GUARDING DEAN HAGLUND.
WHAT DO THEY WANT
FROM YOU?
THESE "X-FILES" FANS
CAN BE PRETTY OBSESSIVE.
SHUT UP BOTH OF YOU.
WE'VE SECURED VALLERY IRONS
AND DAVID DUCHOVNY.
I'M NOT DAVID DUCHOVNY.
HOW CAN YOU CONFUSE ME FOR HIM?
REALLY. "X-FILES" 101 --
DAVID IS MULDER.
DEAN IS LANGLY,
THE LONE GUNMAN.
THERE'S A HUGE DIFFERENCE.
YEAH, I'M FUNNIER
AND WAY BETTER LOOKING.
HE HAS BETTER HAIR.
THANKS. YOU, TOO.
YOU TWO WOULD SAY ANYTHING
RIGHT NOW TO SAVE YOUR ASSES.
Tasha: Kay,
I'm running parallel
to Santa Monica Boulevard.
They're heading west
in a blue van.
What have you got
on the Blackhearts?
THEY'RE A TERRORIST GROUP
BASED UP IN SAN JOSE.
THE BLACKHEARTS
ARE ON INTERPOL'S
SHOOT-ON-SIGHT LIST.
They're pretty
serious killers.
It's time somebody
brought them in.
Quick, I've got the van
in sight.
They've got an armed escort.
Move in.
AAH! AAH!
YOU SHOULD LISTEN TO US
ABOUT THAT HAIR, BALDY.
NICE WORK, VAL.
THIS ISN'T GOING
TO BE EASY. GOOD LUCK.
YOU'RE NOT GOING
TO HELP ME?
ARE YOU ON MEDICATION?
YOU'RE THE BODYGUARD.
DUCHOVNY WOULD HAVE HELPED.
HA. RIGHT.
OKAY.
OKAY, BUSTER.
OHH!
SHOULD HAVE WORN
YOUR SEAT BELT.
COME ON, DEAN.
OKAY.
THIS SURE LOOKS FUN.
I NEVER GET TO HOLD GUNS
IN "THE X-FILES."
WELL, YOU CAN RELAX
BECAUSE WE'RE SAFE NOW.
GOOD.
AAH!
Tasha: Uh, Kay,
I think we stopped them.
I WAS JUST A GIRL WORKING
AT A HOT DOG STAND
WHEN A MOVIE STAR ASKED ME OUT
ON A DATE.
I HAPPENED TO SAVE HIS LIFE.
AND SO IN ORDER TO SAVE FACE,
HE TOLD EVERYBODY THAT
I'M A PROFESSIONAL BODYGUARD,
WHICH I AM NOT -- TRUST ME.
SO THEN I WAS ASKED
TO BE A FIGUREHEAD
AT A BODYGUARD AGENCY,
AND THEY SAID I'D NEVER
HAVE TO USE ANY WEAPONS
OR BE IN ANY DANGER,
AND I ALWAYS AM.
[ COUGHS ]
AAH!
I THINK I WANT TO GO HOME.
GRISP, I'M SO GLAD
YOU'RE HERE.
GREAT JOB, VAL, BUT, UH,
YOU BROKE A COUPLE OF LAWS
IN THE PROCESS.
REALLY? WHERE?
COUNCILWOMAN BLASKER,
TELL ME, HOW ARE YOUR
FEELINGS
COUNCILWOMAN BLASKER,
TELL ME, HOW ARE YOUR
FEELINGS
COUNCILWOMAN BLASKER,
TELL ME, HOW ARE YOUR
FEELINGS
COUNCILWOMAN BLASKER,
TELL ME, HOW ARE YOUR
FEELINGS
COUNCILWOMAN BLASKER,
TELL ME, HOW ARE YOUR
FEELINGS
COUNCILWOMAN BLASKER,
TELL ME, HOW ARE YOUR
FEELINGS
COUNCILWOMAN BLASKER,
TELL ME, HOW ARE YOUR
FEELINGS
COUNCILWOMAN BLASKER,
TELL ME, HOW ARE YOUR
FEELINGS
ON VALLERY IRONS'S TAKEDOWN
OF THE BLACKHEART TERRORISTS?
WE CAN'T ALLOW LOS ANGELES
TO BE A PLAYGROUND
FOR THESE
DANGEROUS INDIVIDUALS.
WE MUST TAKE ACTION.
SO, HOW WOULD YOU
HANDLE THE BLACKHEARTS?
I'M TALKING
ABOUT VALLERY IRONS
AND HER BAND
OF MERCENARIES FOR HIRE.
THEIR RECKLESS BEHAVIOR
HAS COST THE CITY
THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS WORTH
OF PUBLIC PROPERTY.
BUT WAIT A MINUTE.
ISN'T V.I.P. ALSO RESPONSIBLE
FOR SAVING THE LIVES
OF THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE?
LOS ANGELES HAS A POLICE FORCE
TO TAKE CARE
OF THOSE SITUATIONS.
V.I.P. PURPORTS TO BE
A PROTECTION AGENCY,
BUT THEY ARE A MENACE.
I'M STARTING
A FULL-FLEDGED INVESTIGATION
INTO THEIR OPERATIONS.
NOTHING FURTHER.
GOT IT. WE'RE DONE.
WE RISKED OUR LIVES TRYING
TO CAPTURE ONE
OF THE MOST DANGEROUS GROUPS
IN THE COUNTRY.
I'M NOT SAYING YOU DIDN'T
DO THE RIGHT THING.
THE DEPARTMENT
IS TAKING A LOT OF HEAT.
THIS IS V.I.P.'s
FIFTH CAR CHASE
AND THIRD GUN BATTLE
THIS MONTH,
AND YOUR SECOND EXPLOSION
THIS WEEK.
FOURTH.
VAL, IF YOU ALL
COULD JUST LAY LOW
UNTIL THIS INVESTIGATION
IS OVER...
HOW LOW IS LOW?
NO CAR CHASES,
NO GUNFIGHTS,
NO EXPLOSIONS,
AND, KAY,
NO HACKING
INTO GOVERNMENT COMPUTERS.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
WE PROBABLY
NEED A BREAK ANYWAY
FROM ALL THE ACTION.
V.I.P.
I'M SURPRISED THE BUILDING
ISN'T ON FIRE.
COUNCILWOMAN BLASKER,
QUICK WILLIAMS.
ON BEHALF OF V.I.P.,
I JUST WANT TO SAY
THAT WE WILL FULLY COOPERATE
WITH THIS INVESTIGATION,
AND I'M SURE
THIS WILL VINDICATE US.
THIS IS A DIRECTIVE SUSPENDING
V.I.P.'s GUN-CARRY PERMIT
UNTIL THE COMPLETION
OF MY INVESTIGATION.
I EXPECT YOU TO ENFORCE THAT
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
OF THE LAW.
HAVE A NICE DAY.
SORRY, GUYS,
IT'S OFFICIAL.
SOMEONE'S ITCHING
FOR A PUNCH IN THE NOSE...
A NICE CLEAN SHOT
TO THE BRAIN STEM...
2 OUNCES OF C-4
IN THE IGNITION.
I'M GOING TO DESTROY
HER CREDIT RATING.
THAT IS EXACTLY THE KIND
OF ATTITUDE
THAT'S GOING
TO MAKE MATTERS WORSE.
OKAY, MAYBE WE HAVE
BEEN RESORTING
TO VIOLENCE A BIT TOO OFTEN
AND WE SHOULD GET IN TOUCH
WITH OUR SENSITIVE SIDES.
TASHA, HAND IT OVER.
GIVE ME YOUR HAND CANNON.
NO.
TASHA.
WHAT, ARE YOU GOING
TO MAKE ME?
DETECTIVE GRISPY
IS ON SPEED DIAL.
OKAY, NOW YOUR BACKUPS.
WHAT BACKUPS?
THAT CUTE LITTLE
CHROME GUN YOU CARRY
IN YOUR ANKLE HOLSTER.
THANK YOU.
SEE, I KNOW MORE
THAN YOU THINK.
THAT'S WHY MY NAME
IS ON THE DOOR.
THROWING KNIFE.
OKAY, QUICK, GIVE IT UP.
NOW THE SHOE.
YOU'RE PRETTY SMOOTH.
I DIDN'T THINK
YOU KNEW ABOUT THOSE.
THAT'S COOL. YOU'RE GOOD.
SMOOTHER THAN YOU KNOW.
ALL RIGHTY, MISS THING,
WHO DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE FOOLING?
AHEM.
THERE GOES MY WEEKEND.
ALL RIGHTY, YOU, TOO.
[ SNAPS FINGERS ]
YOU WILL HAVE
TO RIP THIS
FROM MY COLD DEAD HAND.
AAH!
NOW, THERE.
WE HAVE A FEW MORE THINGS
TO THINK ABOUT.
WHAT'S ON THE SCHEDULE?
WELL,
THE ONLY THING PENDING
WAS A REQUEST
BY THE U.S. MILITARY.
A SHIPMENT WILL BE PASSING
BY OUR OFFICE WEDNESDAY,
AND THEY WANT
STAGING SUPPORT.
WELL, TELL THE PRESIDENT
THAT THE UNITED STATES
WILL JUST HAVE TO SURVIVE
WITHOUT V.I.P. THIS TIME.
I NEED SOME AIR.
SHE'LL GET OVER IT.
CHECKING UP ON SOME NEWS.
YOU MUST BE A GLUTTON
FOR PUNISHMENT.
I DON'T THINK SO.
HE WORKS FOR ME.
THE PROPHET. HOW DID I KNOW
YOU'D BE BACK?
KARMA?
LOOK AT YOU.
YOU'RE DRAWING BLANKS, BABY.
THAT'S A DAMN SHAME.
I COULD
TAKE YOU OUT ANY TIME,
ANY PLACE.
POW.
YOU'RE DEAD.
PLEASE BELIEVE THAT.
WE PUT T
WE PUT THE PROPHET AWAY.
THERE WAS
A PAPERWORK SNAFU.
OUR ARREST WARRANTS
WERE THROWN OUT OF COURT.
YOU SHOULD LOCK HIM UP
ON A WEAPONS CHARGE.
TASHA, YOU CAN'T
STIR UP TROUBLE
WHILE THIS INVESTIGATION
IS GOING ON.
HE'S IN WITH THE BLACKHEARTS.
THEY'RE UP TO SOMETHING.
HE'S WORKING OUT
OF THAT JOINT ON SUNSET --
THE STRIP PALACE.
WHEN'S THE RAID?
THERE'S NOTHING WE CAN DO.
THIS IS FBI TERRITORY NOW.
FEDS.
WE NABBED VALLERY IRONS
AND "THE X-FILES" GUY.
NOW WHERE'S OUR DOUGH?
ALL YOU THINK ABOUT
IS BENJAMINS, RIGHT?
DON'T WORRY ABOUT YOUR MONEY.
WE GOT YOUR MONEY.
GIDEON, PAY THE MAN.
I'M A MAN OF MY WORD, MAN.
YOU SEE PAPER. WHAT?
YEAH?
THE NEXT MOVE WE GOT --
WE'RE TAKING OUT V.I.P.
FOR GOOD.
A LOT OF PAPER INVOLVED.
YOU SURE YOU WANT TO JET?
ALL RIGHT, WELL,
IN THAT CASE,
WE'LL HANG OUT FOR AWHILE.
I KNEW YOU WAS A SMART MAN.
WE'RE GOING TO DO BIG THINGS.
COME ON, RELAX, MAN.
LOOK AT THE GIRLS.
YOU'RE ALL UPTIGHT, MAN.
COOL.
"CENTURY CITY
FERTILIZER BOMB."
WHERE DID YOU GET THAT?
FROM THE MUSTANG CAMERA.
WEREN'T YOU SUPPOSED
TO DEFUSE THAT BOMB?
IT'S NO FUN
IF THEY DON'T BLOW UP.
POOR THING,
LIVING IN YOUR PAST LIKE THAT.
AND I GUESS YOU'RE MR. COOL
ABOUT ALL THIS.
YEAH, WELL,
I FINALLY GOT A CHANCE
TO COORDINATE MY THREADS
BY COLOR, SEASON,
DESIGNER, AND STYLE.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
WE HAVE TO REMEMBER ONE THING
ABOUT THE PROPHET --
THAT HE IS A SCHEMER.
I'M A SCHEMER.
I'VE COME UP WITH A PLAN.
I WAS THINKING IN THERE.
WOULD YOU COME, NIKKI?
WHATEVER YOU THINK, VAL.
I GOT YOUR BACK.
MAYBE MORE THAN YOU KNOW.
Quick: YOU OKAY?
YOU MIGHT NEED A WEEK OFF.
KAY'S GOING
THROUGH WITHDRAWALS.
Man: AND NEW TO OUR STAGE --
A DUO KNOWN
AS GINGER AND MARY ANN.
GIVE IT UP!
[ CHEERING AND APPLAUSE ]
[ DANCE MUSIC PLAYING ]
NOW WHAT?
I DON'T KNOW.
BUST A MOVE,
BUST A POLE,
GET IT ON.
KEEP YOUR CLOTHES PEELED
AND YOUR EYES OPEN.
COME HERE, BABY.
YOU LIKE THEM?
MM-HMM.
WELL, I THINK YOU SHOULD
SIGN THEM HONEYS UP.
OKAY.
Man: GIVE US THE FULL MONTY!
GIVE US THE FULL MONTY!
YEAH, YEAH!
THE BLACKHEARTS!
TAIL THEM.
PROPHET DOESN'T LIKE SNOOPS.
NOBODY LIKES SNOOPS.
GET OUT OF THE CAR,
BOTH OF YOU.
OHH! OHH!
WHAT'S THE PROPHET
PLANNING?
HE'LL KILL ME
IF I TELL YOU.
I'M SO SWEET
AND UNDERSTANDING.
AAH!
HE'S GOT SOMETHING GOING ON
AT GRIFFITH PARK
NEAR THE OBSERVATORY.
THAT'S ALL I KNOW.
I SWEAR.
AAH!
NEVER HEARD OF STRIPPERS
HAVING A RéSUMé BEFORE.
WELL, IT'S A VERY
COMPETITIVE MARKETPLACE,
AND WE TAKE THIS
VERY SERIOUSLY.
NOT ONLY
ARE WE GINGER AND MARY ANN,
WE'RE ALSO
LUCY AND ETHEL...
LAVERNE AND SHIRLEY...
SONNY AND CHER,
ALL THE BIG ONES.
OH.
GIDEON,
WHAT DID YOU DO,
STOP A TRAIN
WITH YOUR FACE?
IT'S NOTHING.
PROPHET'S PLAN IS IN MOTION.
V.I.P. ATE THE BAIT.
THEY'RE HEADING UP
TO THE OBSERVATORY RIGHT NOW.
THE PROPHET'S TOTALLY
SETTING US UP.
DUH.
WE HAVE TO GET GRISPY AND GET TO
THE OBSERVATORY STAT.
LOOKS LIKE A GUN-AHOLICS
ANONYMOUS MEETING.
THEY'RE RECRUITING MUSCLE.
WE CAN'T WAIT FOR THE COPS.
NO, NO, NOT AGAIN.
TASHA, WAIT.
DROP THE GUN NOW.
WHOA. YOU LADIES DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE GETTING
YOURSELVES INTO.
THE GUN, KAY.
Man: COME ON.
KEEP THE STREETS SAFE, PEOPLE.
CHECK IT OUT. WALK.
WALK.
THIS IS ANDY SAVAGE ON LOAN
FROM SEATTLE.
OH, NO.
CASH FOR YOUR HANDGUNS.
GIVE THEM UP FOR CHARITY.
HEY, OFFICERS,
THESE LADIES ARE TRYING
TO TAKE OUR GUNS.
DROP THE WEAPONS.
DROP THEM.
WHAT THE HELL'S
GOING ON HERE?
THIS IS A LEGITIMATE EVENT,
TASHA.
IT'S REGISTERED WITH THE CITY.
YOU WERE TOTALLY SET UP.
YOU'RE ALWAYS
CAUSING PROBLEMS.
IT'S LIKE I SAID, LADIES,
WE'RE JUST TRYING
TO KEEP THE PEACE.
I'LL TAKE IT FROM HERE, GUYS.
LADIES, YOUR GUNS --
HAND THEM OVER.
TASHA.
IS THIS WHAT YOU CALL
LAYING LOW?
OFFICER...
WE WANT TO PRESS CHARGES.
TASHA, KAY, I NEVER THOUGHT
I'D SAY THIS,
BUT YOU'RE UNDER ARREST.
Man: OKAY, GUYS, LOCK IT UP.
V.I.P. IS OFFICIALLY CLOSED.
WOW.
SO, THIS IS WHAT
IT LOOKS LIKE
IN THE BIG HOUSE.
KAY EUGENIA SIMMONS,
YOUR LAWYER JUST POSTED BAIL.
YOU'RE FREE TO GO.
HEY, WHAT ABOUT ME?
OH, THANK YOU SO MUCH,
OFFICER.
HEY!
I'M SORRY, SUPER T.,
BUT YOUR BAIL IS $100,000.
HOW DID KAY GET OUT?
HER BAIL WAS ONLY $114
BECAUSE SHE DIDN'T
KICK SOME GUY'S BUTT.
HOW SOON
TILL YOU CAN GET ME OUT?
MAYBE WHEN VISA
MAKES A PLUTONIUM CARD.
YOU KNOW HOW YOU REMINISCE
ABOUT THE GULAG ALL THE TIME?
JUST THINK OF THIS
AS A MINI-VACATION.
AAH!
[ SQUEALING ]
YOU --
[ COUGHS ]
GOD, YOU TRY
TO HELP SOMEBODY...
THIS AIN'T
MY FIRST RODEO, HONEY.
YOU GET ME OUT!
THAT'S MY BADGE, TOO!
I'LL LET YOU STAY
IN THE SLAMMER!
WELL, WELL,
IF IT AIN'T
COUNCILWOMAN BLASKER.
MAKE ONE MOVE,
AND YOU'RE DEAD, LADY.
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
V.I.P. OFF THE MAP.
I GUESS
THIS IS YOUR LUCKY DAY.
IF YOU CROSS ME,
YOU'RE GOING TO REGRET IT.
REMEMBER, YOU LEFT
A NICE LITTLE PAPER TRAIL
WITH ALL YOUR PAYOFFS
AND KICKBACKS.
BLACKMAIL
IS A 2-WAY STREET.
AND NOW I THINK YOU'VE GOT
SOMETHING I WANT.
WHAT TOOK YOU SO LONG?
I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR YOU.
GIVE ME SOME SUGAR, BABY.
AND THIS BLASKER LUNATIC
HAS THE ENTIRE CITY COUNCIL
VOTING TO SHUT US DOWN.
MAYBE IT'S TIME
TO GO ANALOG.
OH, BUCK UP, GUYS.
V.I.P. HAS BEEN
IN WORSE TROUBLE THAN THIS,
LIKE WHEN WE WERE STUCK
ON THAT BATTLESHIP
AND THEY WERE GOING
TO STEAL THE NUCLEAR WARHEADS.
VAL, THAT WAS "UNDER SIEGE."
REALLY?
NOW, LISTEN,
WE NEED TO FIGURE OUT
WHAT THE PROPHET'S
REALLY UP TO.
OKAY, FINE, WE'RE ALREADY
IN ENOUGH DOG POOPY
AS IT IS.
KAY, YOU CAN USE
MY COMPUTER.
MAC SENT IT TO ME
SO I COULD ORGANIZE MY WARDROBE.
COULDN'T FIGURE OUT
HOW TO TURN IT ON.
I'M GOING
TO HIT UP SOME CONTACTS.
SOMEONE SHOULD COVER
OUR HEARING WITH THE COUNCIL.
ME!
WHEN DID YOU
BECOME MADELEINE ALBRIGHT?
I JUST SAW
THE "PERRY MASON" MARATHON
ON NICK AT NITE.
I CAN HANDLE IT.
NOT IF YOU WERE
THE LAST PERSON ON EARTH.
WATCH WHAT YOU SAY TO HER.
SHE'S MINE.
YEAH, WELL,
YOU CAN HAVE HER.
LAUGH WHILE YOU CAN,
BEANSTALK.
PROPHET'S GOT
A MESSAGE FOR YOU.
YOU DELIVERING IT?
THAT'S RIGHT.
COME ON, BABY.
COME ON.
YOU GUYS
ARE MAKING ME DIZZY.
I HATE GETTING DIZZY.
Woman: COME ON, GIRL!
Woman #2: GET BACK UP!
TAKE HER!
COME ON! COME ON!
COME ON, GIRL!
WOMEN.
I'M IMPRESSED.
THESE WERE FOR BRENDA,
BUT THEY'RE YOURS NOW.
I'M NOT INTERESTED.
YOU SHOULD BE.
THEY'RE YOUR TICKET OUT.
WHY SHOULD I TRUST YOU?
I OVERHEARD BRENDA SAY
PROPHET'S USING YOUR OFFICE
FOR A HEIST.
COME ON!
LET US OUT OF HERE!
LET'S GO!
I'VE GOT A BAD FEELING
ABOUT THIS.
HELP US!
[ YELLING AND COUGHING ]
Woman: HELP US!
Woman #2: WE HAVE TO GET
OUT OF HERE, MAN.
THIS WAY.
PROPHET'S GOING TO BE
VERY HAPPY TO SEE YOU.
PROPHET, WE NOW HAVE TASHA
IN OUR POSSESSION.
WE CAN PROCEED AS PLANNED.
WELCOME TO SHANGRI-LA.
V.I.P.'s GOT SOME
PRETTY NICE DIGS.
CHECK OUT THIS COKE MACHINE.
IT'S GOT
THE OLD-FASHIONED BOTTLES.
I LOVE THESE BOTTLES.
WHAT THE HELL IS THIS?
YOUR GIRLFRIEND.
SETTLE DOWN, BOYS.
YOU KNOW WE GOT A JOB TO DO --
TAKE OUT THAT MILITARY CONVOY
AND PUT V.I.P.'s STAMP ON IT.
SO, UH, WHERE'S ALL THIS
BRAVA YOU KEEP PROMISING?
LOOK IN THAT WEAPONS LOCKER
RIGHT THERE.
THEY GOT THE BIGGEST STASH
OF FIREPOWER EAST OF SERBIA.
THAT ARMY CONVOY WILL
NEVER KNOW WHAT HIT THEM.
THAT'S WHAT
I'M TALKING ABOUT.
HA HA HA.
THIS HEARING HAS BEEN CALLED
IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THE FATE
OF THE VALLERY IRONS
PROTECTION AGENCY.
IN FEBRUARY 1998,
NICOLETTE JANINE FRANCO
DEPOSITS AN EXPLOSIVE DEVICE
INTO A MANHOLE,
SENDING THE IRON COVER
50 FEET INTO THE AIR,
DEMOLISHING
A CITY REPAIR TRUCK.
NO COMMENT.
NOVEMBER 1998 --
A PERSON
WITH NO PUBLIC IDENTITY,
OPERATING UNDER THE ALIAS
TASHA DEXTER,
ASSAULTS JACOB MARTIN,
A TALENT AGENT,
AT A BRENTWOOD POOLSIDE PARTY.
I DON'T KNOW
ANY TASHA DEXTER,
BUT IF SUCH AN INDIVIDUAL
WORKS FOR ME,
I'D BE HAPPY TO FIRE THEM.
JANUARY 1999 --
MR. THEODORE "QUICK" WILLIAMS
INTERROGATES AN UNCHARGED
SUSPECT AT GUNPOINT,
THREATENING
TO BLOW OFF HIS KNEECAPS
IF HE DOESN'T
PROVIDE INFORMATION.
LOOK, HE PROBABLY WAS
VERY STRESSED OUT THAT DAY,
AND I'D BE HAPPY
TO TALK TO HIM.
HA HA. LOOKY HERE --
MY MAN QUICK WILLIAMS.
WHAT'S THE DEAL, BROTHER?
WHAT BRINGS YOU BY?
WHAT, YOU LOW ON AMMO?
CHECK IT OUT.
I GOT YOU.
I GOT SOMETHING SPECIAL
FOR YOU, BABY.
FRESH FROM GUATEMALA --
IT'S MY SPECIAL OF THE DAY.
HA HA. THAT IS SWEET,
BUT I'M SHOPPING
FOR INFORMATION TODAY, MONK.
INFORMATION?
YEAH.
THAT'S NOT VERY SEXY, BABY.
WELL, THAT DEPENDS.
YOU KNOW ABOUT ANY
MILITARY SHIPMENTS
COMING UP FROM PENDLETON
OR ANY OTHER BASES?
I HAVEN'T HEARD OF ANY.
PENDLETON'S TOO BUSY DISARMING
THOSE C.A.B. WARHEADS.
YOU MEAN CHEMICAL
AND BIOLOGICAL WARHEADS.
WELL, ANTHRAX, MAINLY.
WHY DO YOU WANT TO KNOW?
Man: Main route secure.
Bravo unit, move
to designated route. Over.
Man #2: Copy. Moving out.
Alpha unit, join Bravo
on designated route.
Man #3: Copy. We got it.
Alpha, Bravo units
breaking off on 17th,
heading towards
primary route.
PROPHET, THE GIRLS
ARE IN PLACE.
THEY'RE IN POSITION, PROPHET.
MOVE IN ANY TIME.
LET'S SEE WHAT WE GOT HERE.
MOTHER LODE.
GET IT. COME ON.
OKAY, LET'S GO ON
INTO THE TRUCK.
I'M SORRY, MS. IRONS.
THESE ARE VERY SERIOUS CHARGES.
SO IF YOU HAVE NOTHING MORE
TO SAY FOR YOURSELF...
Say something.
I'M HAVING
A "LAW & ORDER" MOMENT.
YEAH?
DO YOU KNOW,
FOUR SEASONS AGO,
WHEN IT WAS GOOD?
COULD I HAVE A CHANCE
TO SPEAK FOR MYSELF?
YOU MAY, MS. IRONS.
AHEM.
LOOK, I AM NOT GOING
TO DENY THAT V.I.P.
HAS OCCASIONALLY --
OR VERY OFTENLY --
OPERATED OUTSIDE OF VARIOUS
CITY, STATE, AND FEDERAL LAWS,
BUT WHEN YOU CUT THROUGH
ALL THE LEGAL JARGON,
OFFICIAL REGULATIONS,
AND JUDICIAL MUMBO JUMBO,
WE'RE THE GOOD GUYS.
THERE ARE BAD GUYS,
VERY BAD GUYS,
LIKE THE TERRORISTS THAT WANTED
TO KILL DAVID DUCHOVNY.
AND THERE ARE THE GOOD GUYS,
LIKE V.I.P.,
THAT STOP THE BAD GUYS.
I MAY BE CANADIAN,
BUT I KNOW THAT IN AMERICA,
THE GOOD GUYS
ARE SUPPOSED TO WIN.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
THE LOS ANGELES CITY COUNCIL
WANTS THE BAD GUYS TO WIN.
DID YOU GUYS WANT DARTH VADER
TO TAKE OVER THE GALAXY?
I DIDN'T THINK SO.
YES, WE'VE SMASHED UP DOZENS,
MAYBE HUNDREDS OF CARS,
SHOT UP A FEW HOTELS.
WE'VE EVEN BLOWN UP
THE WHOLE CITY A FEW TIMES.
THAT'S WHAT IT TAKES
TO GET THE BAD GUYS.
NOBODY'S PERFECT. YOU GUYS
APPROVED THE SUBWAY SYSTEM.
IT HAS SINKHOLES,
EXPLOSIVE GASES,
BUDGET OVERRUNS --
AN AMAZINGLY WONDERFUL SUBWAY
THAT GOES NOWHERE
AND IS USELESS.
THEN THERE'S THE LAPD. HA!
THEY RAN AWAY
DURING THE RIOTS
AND CAN'T SOLVE
A SIMPLE DOUBLE MURDER.
L.A. ITSELF? GREAT, EXCEPT
FOR EARTHQUAKES AND MUDSLIDES,
AND THAT IS THE POINT.
L.A. ISN'T PERFECT,
BUT IT'S GREAT, LIKE V.I.P.,
AND SOMETIMES YOU HAVE TO
BLOW THINGS UP
TO GET TO THE BAD GUYS.
BEAUTIFUL, BEAUTIFUL,
BEAUTIFUL.
[ AUDIENCE APPLAUDING ]
I JUST HAVE BEEN INFORMED
THAT A TERRORIST GROUP
IS THREATENING
TO DESTROY THE CITY.
THEY'RE ABOUT TO BROADCAST
THEIR DEMANDS OVER THE INTERNET.
I CURRENTLY HAVE
IN MY POSSESSION
AN ANTHRAX BIOLOGICAL WARHEAD
CAPABLE OF KILLING EVERYONE
IN THE LOS ANGELES BASIN.
I WILL DETONATE THE BOMB
IFE
$100 MILLION IN CASH
IN ONE HOUR.
I'LL ALSO REQUIRE A HOSTAGE
TO ENSURE MY SAFE PASSAGE.
COUNCILWOMAN DORIS BLASKER
WILL DO.
YOU WERE RIGHT ABOUT V.I.P. --
WE'RE THE BAD GUYS.
I'LL EXPECT YOUR ANSWER
AT THIS INTERNET ADDRESS,
WHERE YOU WILL RECEIVE
FURTHER INSTRUCTIONS,
BUT KNOW THIS --
IF YOU DON'T COMPLY,
THE CITY'S TOAST.
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
BY THE TIME
THEY FIGURE IT OUT,
BABY, I WILL BE
ON A PLANE LONG GONE,
SOMEWHERE ON SOME ISLAND
DRINKING MAI TAIS.
YOU WON'T MAKE IT
PAST THE CITY LIMITS.
WHO'S GOING
TO STOP ME, YOU?
MAYBE.
IS THAT RIGHT?
I'D LIKE TO SEE THAT.
MY PLEASURE.
AAH!
LEAVING SO SOON?
HEY, CURLY.
SHE HAD
A PREVIOUS ENGAGEMENT.
THANK ME LATER.
I'M REALLY SORRY, VAL.
WELL, IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT.
TASHA MADE THE THREAT.
WE'RE NOT RUNNING
A TALK SHOW HERE.
TAKE THEM AWAY.
AND ARREST THEM, TOO.
THE PROPHET FORCED ME
TO SAY EVERYTHING.
WE DON'T HAVE MUCH TIME.
AND WHY SHOULD WE
BELIEVE YOU?
YOU'VE BEEN HARASSING
MR. HARRIS ALL DAY.
YOU THINK I'D SHOW UP HERE
IF I WAS BEHIND THIS?
THAT'S FOR THE COURTS
TO DECIDE.
OFFICERS,
TAKE THEM ALL AWAY
OR I'LL HAVE YOUR BADGES.
LET THEM GO.
WE HAVE TO STOP THAT BOMB.
IF I WAIT ON A WARRANT
TO GET THE PROPHET,
WE'LL ALL BE DEAD.
OH.
I HAVE HANDGUNS AND A COUPLE
OF ASSAULT RIFLES
IN THE TRUNK OF MY CAR.
IT'S NOT MUCH,
BUT IT SHOULD DO THE TRICK.
NO GUNS FOR ME.
I NEED SOMETHING
MUCH DEADLIER.
WITHOUT A PROPER
S.C.U.D. DELIVERY DEVICE,
THE ONLY WAY THE WARHEAD
WOULD BE EFFECTIVE
IS IF IT WAS BLOWN UP
AT A CENTRALLY LOCATED
HIGH ELEVATION.
GREAT. THE ENTIRE CITY
IS SURROUNDED BY MOUNTAINS.
IT COULD BE ANYWHERE.
GRIFFITH PARK
IS THE HIGHEST POINT
CLOSE TO A DENSE POPULATION.
Quick: THAT'S WHAT
THE PROPHET WAS DOING THERE.
LET'S ROCK.
WELL, SINCE I'M HERE...
SOMEBODY'S BEEN A NAUGHTY
CIVIL SERVANT.
VAL OUGHT TO KNOW
ABOUT THIS.
IT'S GOT TO BE
AROUND HERE SOMEPLACE.
THOSE GUYS LOOK
LIKE GARDENERS TO YOU?
MORE LIKE THEY NEED
TO BE MOWED DOWN.
WE GOT TO FIND THAT BOMB!
WE NEED TO GET AWAY
FROM THIS FUEL TRUCK!
STOP!
I'M OUT OF AMMO.
DARN.
ALL RIGHT. LET'S GO.
GET IN HERE. LET'S GO.
WHAT IS SHE DOING HERE?
THE PROPHET
USED THE V.I.P. OFFICES
TO STEAL THE WARHEAD.
ONE FOR THE GOOD GUYS.
IT'S TIME, COUNCILWOMAN.
HAVE A SEAT, PLEASE.
PROPHET, THIS IS
COUNCILWOMAN BLASKER.
WE KNOW YOU'RE BEHIND THIS.
Well, what can I say, lady?
The song remains the same.
$100 million,
and the clock is ticking.
WE HAVE YOUR MONEY.
That's a great thing.
Meet me on the roof
of the Gibson Hotel, okay?
15 minutes, no surprises --
I don't dig 'em.
I'LL BE THERE.
YOU MAY HAVE A TREE TRUNK
UP YOUR BUM,
BUT YOU'RE VERY BRAVE.
SOMEONE'S GOT
TO KEEP THIS CITY SAFE.
IT'S ALREADY ACTIVATED.
THEN DISARM IT.
I CAN'T. ANYTHING I DO
WILL KICK IT SOONER.
IN FIVE MINUTES, L.A.'s
GOING TO BE SUCKING SPORES.
IF WE BURN THE ANTHRAX,
THEN WE MIGHT HAVE A CHANCE.
NO, WE NEED A BIGGER BOMB
TO DO THAT.
WE'VE GOT
ALL THE FIREPOWER WE NEED.
OKAY, WE DON'T HAVE
MUCH TIME.
GO! GO! GO!
HOW ABOUT
A VICTORY KISS, BABY?
AAH! IT'S YOU!
THAT'S RIGHT.
KISS MY ANTHRAX!
NOW HAND OVER THE REMOTE
CONTROL BOMB THINGY NOW!
YOU FAIL TO REALIZE
HOW EVIL I AM.
YOU ACTUALLY THINK
I WANTED TO SPLIT THAT CASH
WITH MY LAZY-ASS CREW?
SAY ADIOS TO LOS ANGELES.
HA!
AAH!
I SHOULD HAVE SNUFFED YOU
IN LAS VEGAS.
I WISH YOU WOULD HAVE.
I LOST $700 ON THAT
WHEEL OF FORTUNE THINGY.
SO WHAT?
WELL, I THINK THAT WORKED.
YEAH, WE ARE ALIVE.
YOU THINK WE'LL GET ANY FLAK
FOR BLOWING SOMETHING UP?
TIME TO PAY THE PIPER, BABY.
WILL CASH BE OKAY?
HEY, DON'T DO THAT!
NO, DON'T DO THAT!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
NO! NO, DON'T DO THAT!
WHOA! HEY!
AAH! WAIT A MINUTE!
HOLD IT!
AAH! AAH!
HA HA HA!
HOS UP, PIMPS DOWN!
AAH! OKAY, OKAY.
AAH! OKAY.
UM, MAJOR VAL
TO GROUND CONTROL.
Val, Val,
are you all right?
YEAH, YEAH, I'M A-OKAY.
JUST ONE LITTLE PROBLEM --
HOW DO I GET DOWN? HELP!
HMM, ALL THAT MONEY
JUST FLEW INTO THE AIR.
MMM, WHAT A WASTE.
DON'T REMIND ME.
LOOK, AT LEAST OUR PERMITS
ARE REACTIVATED.
AND V.I.P. IS BACK
IN BUSINESS, HUH?
HUH?
VAL, YOU IMPRESSED
A LOT OF PEOPLE
AT THE CITY COUNCIL
WITH YOUR SPEECH.
THERE'S SOME SERIOUS TALK
ABOUT ADDING YOUR NAME
TO THE NEXT MAYORAL BALLOT.
YEAH, LIKE I KNOW
HOW TO RUN A CITY.
LIKE YOU KNOW ANYTHING
ABOUT BODYGUARDING.
YOU COULD
JUST BE A FIGUREHEAD.
WE COULD HANDLE ALL
THE POLICY DECISIONS FOR YOU.
YOU WON'T EVEN
HAVE TO LIFT A FINGER.
NOW YOU'RE GOING TO SAY
I'LL NEVER BE IN ANY DANGER.
NEVER.
NEVER. NEVER.
NEVER, EVER.
NEVER.
YEAH, RIGHT.
LIKE I'M GOING TO FALL
FOR THAT AGAIN.